Theme cleanup (#414)
shoelace-style/webawesome: docs/docs/resources/changelog.md

### Theming

- Added new themes:
  - Awesome
  - Active
  - Brutalist
  - Mellow
  - Migration
  - Playful
- Renamed `--wa-form-control-resting-color` to `--wa-form-control-border-color` for familiarity and accuracy

> - Removed size-based `--wa-form-control-height-*` tokens in favor of previously added [size utilities](/docs/utilities/size/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed size-based `--wa-form-control-height-*` tokens in favor of `--wa-form-control-height` (see [size utilities](/docs/utilities/size/))
```
